1. 
The internet wngineering Task Force. the body that defines standard operating internet protocols such as TCP  and IP
2.
communication protocol is bunch of rules which defined the requests and data receiving in communication system.
including viewing,validation, error fix, and all the thing for transfer data in channel communication
3.
refers to a series of documents and standards used to define various aspects of the Internet, 
including protocols and technologies
4.
Hypertext Transfer Protocol -Retrieving web pages and resources from web servers.
                            ending and receiving data between clients and servers.
                            Addressing web resources using URLs.
                            Enabling hyperlinks and web navigation.
5.
 HTTP-  is a standard protocol for transmitting data over the internet. 
 It operates at the application layer of the OSI model.
 It does not provide encryption by default
 TCP provides reliable data delivery but lacks encryption.
 SSL/TLS: HTTP does not use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) or TLS (Transport Layer Security) for encryption and authentication
HTTPS-
HTTPS is a secure version of HTTP
It employs SSL or TLS to encrypt data transmitted between the client and server. 
HTTPS also uses TCP as the transport layer protocol to ensure reliable data delivery.
HTTPS uses SSL or TLS protocols to provide security. SSL was the earlier protocol, and TLS is its modern successor
6.
request-response model. It defines how data is exchanged between a client (usually a web browser) and a web server
The HTTP model involves two primary entities: the client and the server. The client is typically a web browser or any other application that wants to retrieve web resources, 
while the server hosts those resources.
 sending requests to a server for web resources. 
 The server responds with the requested data. It's a stateless protocol with methods  GET, POST..
  status codes  200 OK, 404 Not Found.... headers,and URLs to identify and transfer web resources.
  7.
  The user-agent is a string that identifies the client software and device making a web request.
  A web server is a software or hardware system that stores and serves web content in response to client requests.
  Proxies are intermediary servers that can be used for various purposes, including improving performance, enhancing security, and providing anonymity for clients or handling requests on behalf of web servers.
  8.
  proxy provide security layer for our computer. in the web its like web filter. 
  its works - the proxy its like mediator in the middle of the communication. 
  regularly, the communication perform directly between the client and the server. 
  when we use proxy the communication pass through the proxy.
  9.
    statless protocol does not require teh server to retain the server information or session details.
    stateful protocol, require serer to save the status and session information.
    in stateful protocol if the server didn't response to the client the client resend the request again.
10. 
    no http is a stateless protocol
11. 
    1 - direct browser to url 
    2 - browser looks up IP - through DNS (domain name server) which convert the url to actual IP
    3 - browser sends HTTP request
        GET /index.html HTTP/1.1
        Host: www.example.com
    4 - host send back HTTP response - HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    5 - The browser renders the response
12. 
    request headers contain more information about the resource to be fetched, or abouot the client requesting the resource.
13.
    cookiex are small pieces of thext sent to you browser by a website you visit. its help the web to remember inf about you visit 
    which make it get the web when you visit it again
14.
    request line
    headers
    message body
15.
    status line (200,404 and more)
    Http headers
    message body
16.
    
    HTTP2 - use TCP, Often encounters head-of-line blocking issues for multiplexed streams due to limitations in byte stream abstraction
            Fewer error handling capabilities, TLS is optional, Does not support connection migration.
    HTTP3 - QUIC, which operates over UDP, Offers multiplexing without head-of-line blocking due to UDP’s out-of-order delivery,
            Enhanced error handling capabilities due to QUIC, 	TLS is embedded in QUIC and by default in HTTP/3, Supports seamless connection migration via connection IDs (CIDs) (explained below)










